Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What the...
Which one of you chicken-shits
shot that fella in the back?
Hey!
Reckon that's enough.
Lefty...
...ain't you a little gray
to be making these mistakes?
There you go.
Never can please you, now, can I?
Hard of hearing, son?
I give up.
You ain't gonna shoot?
Yep.
All's I'm saying is that you can't just go
and throw a rope around a man's neck...
...whenever the hell it pleases you.
It don't ever please me.
One hell of a way to start
your career, Mr. Senator.
I still can't believe he'd shoot a man
over a $2.00 hand of poker.
Don't you say nothing to Laura.
You know how she feels
about me still acting the lawman.
Edward, she don't listen to me, anyway.
Mr. Johnson.
Don't you worry none.
I'll tend to the horses for you.
"Can carry the coffin,
but the corpse will walk."
No.
Oak, I raise you.
Be the day when I don't have
to bunk with the like of you boys.
Mr. Johnson already said
he's not taking you to Washington.
Washington? Who said
anything about Washington?
I'm talking about the two-story.
What on God's green Earth
are you gonna do with a family house?
What the hell do you think?
Everybody's gotta have a dream.
It ain't up for debate.
You leave Lefty in charge of our ranch,
the place won't be here when we return.
All right. I'll bring him with us.
You will do no such thing.
A senator needs a good aide.
Edward Johnson, don't even joke on this.
I need my peace and quiet.
I surrender. I surrender. Oh, my goodness.
Arms down.
Now, Lefty'll run this ranch just fine.
You know he's ridden
with me 40 years now, and...
So has your horse.
We talk on everything else.
Don't know why you're being
so stubborn about this.
Nobody here is gonna listen to him.
A more loyal man than Lefty Brown
hasn't walked this Earth.
Loyal isn't the same as capable.
We need someone like Tom Harrah.
Well, if'n I'm gonna
take on all of Washington...
...I need a fella I can trust
back here at the home front...
...and a fine woman by my side.
You flatter all you want, Mr. Johnson.
Don't change the fact
that I have a needle and you don't.
That's not fair.
Come on.
Damn post, what'd I ever do to you?
Who won?
Well, seeing as it's standing firm,
but I'm still lying in the dirt...
...I guess I'd call it a draw.
You'll whip it yet. Come on.
Of course I will. I ain't ever let you down.
I'm too old to change my ways now.
I know that.
- Do know that?
- Yep.
I also know that roundup's approa